Let's take a look at this.
So let's set our P property here for
now, and let's set it to say one.
And actually, let's use an intermediate
variable for this to make things clearer.
So we want this to be 100% when P is one.
And.
It's very easy to mess up parenthesis
here, and we want it to be 20%.
When P is zero, yeah,
we wanted it to be zero.
And note actually we can simplify this.
Since the second term is zero,
we can just remove it.
And then we can just go here and
replace this, with the variable.
So the gradient center we could have
probably figured it out without
the formula, but
it gets a little bit trickier here.
So, let's use a separate variable for
clarity.
Let's call it text-shadow x, so
let's sum up what we have here.
So when P is one we want it to
be minus 1 minus 1m's and
when P is 0, we want it to be 1m.
So, we don't need to think,
we can just apply the formula.
And let's see now does it work,
moment of truth.
Okay, 0 works, let's hold down control and
usually up arrows to try multiple values,
it works.
And now we could even register this and
animate it.
And we do want it to inherit in this case,
And
let's specify some key frames
that take P from 0 to 1,
and now we're gonna go here and
say animation, let's say five seconds.
Or a word we haven't given it a name,
let's say spotlight.
And go make it infinite, and we wanted
to alternate when it reaches the end.
So let's look at that.
That's it, and obviously without range
mapping, we could have still done it.
We could have animated gradients center
x and text shadow x individually.
We could have included them
both in the key frames,
we could have registered them both.
But this kind of range mapping makes
things a lot easier because we control
the entire range with just
one custom property, and
this is really important when
we just one week want to expose.
One custom property.
For example, when we have
a component that's being styled and
we want to expose a certain aspect of
its design through a custom property.
But internally we need to use this
value to set multiple different
properties internally, so we do need
to know how to do this range mapping.